src/index.md, before:

# Manifesto

Despite the **decentralized** nature of the Internet's design,
it's experienced a centralization in the developer community by [cloud providers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_computing) that seek capital extraction at any cost through infrastructure and convenient (and often "free") tools. 
Leaving the infrastructure and the foundational tools that power today's economy in the hands of a few players leads to monopolistic practices that eliminate diversity.

We need an alternative model, but **what does it take to break the dependency?**
We need to **reduce the costs** associated with abandoning the model.

The first one of the costs is **financial**. Many tools harness users through free plans that [treat them as products and not customers](https://quoteinvestigator.com/2017/07/16/product/). The second cost has to do with **developers' ergonomics and convenience**. Giving up on those tools leads to alternatives, often open-source, with worse experiences. The reason is that centralized and private solutions are usually built in the context of financially sustainable or VC-backed companies that can gear money towards marketing, design, and development efforts (e.g., [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/), [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), [Fly](https://fly.io/), [Heroku](https://dashboard.heroku.com/)), resulting in better products.


**What if one could help decentralize software hosting without compromising on developer experience?What if they could contribute to the project's mission and build for the long-term?** That's what Catalysis sets out to solve.

Catalysis is designed to be easily self-hostable,
to integrate with different hosting solutions and strategies,
and more importantly,
to support software crafters along their journey of empowering other people through software.

We believe that the above is possible through an [open-source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source) deployment tool, a diverse community of software crafters, and an organization based on the [steward-ownership](https://purpose-economy.org/en/whats-steward-ownership/) model to ensure self-governance and that profits serve a purpose.

Catalysis is designed to be easily self-hostable, integrate with different hosting solutions and strategies, and, more importantly, support software crafters along their journey of empowering others through software.

Commit message:

Add more content to the website

src/index.md, after:

---
layout: home
hero:
  name: Catalysis
  text: An open-source deployment tool
  tagline:
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Introduction
      link: /users/introduction
    - theme: alt
      text: View on GitHub
      link: https://github.com/catalysisdev
features:
  - icon: 👩🏾‍💻
    title: Catalysis, The DX that can't be beat
    details: Catalysis is designed to make deployment fun. It's there right when you need it and from where you need it and all it takes to deploy a piece of software is one step.
  - icon: 🌍
    title: Bring your own infrastructure
    details: You can self-host Catalysis or use the hosted version and configure the organization to deploy to your infrastructure. Catalysis does the heavy-lifting orchestration work.
  - icon: 🚀
    title: Built for the long-term
    details: We've mindfully chosen a tech stack and an organization model, steward ownership, to make it sustainable over time and ensure we deliver societal value protecting it from extractive capital.
---
